meshlabserver [logargs] [args]
  where logargs can be:
    -d filename             dump on a text file a list of all the
                            filtering functions
    -l filename             log of the filters is ouput on a file
  where args can be:
    -p filename             meshlab project (.mlp) to be loaded
    -w filename [-v]        output meshlab project (.mlp) to be saved.
                            If -v flag is specified a 3D model meshfile.ext
                            contained in the input project will be overwritten,
                            otherwise it will be saved in the same directory of
                            input mesh as a new file called meshfile_out.ext.
                            All the mesh attributes will be exported in the
                            saved files
    -i filename             mesh that has to be loaded
    -o filename [-m <opt>]  the name of the file where to write the current mesh
                            of the MeshLab document.
                            If -m is specified  the specified mesh attributes will
                            be saved in the output file. the param <opt> can be a
                            space separated list of the following attributes:
                                vc -> vertex colors,  vf -> vertex flags,
                                vq -> vertex quality, vn-> vertex normals,
                                vt -> vertex texture coords,
                                fc -> face colors,  ff -> face flags,
                                fq -> face quality, fn-> face normals,
                                wc -> wedge colors, wn-> wedge normals,
                                wt -> wedge texture coords
    -s filename		          the script to be applied

   Examples:

    'meshlabserver -i input.obj -o output.ply -m vc fq wt -s meshclean.mlx'
           the script contained in file 'meshclean.mlx' will be applied to the
           mesh contained into 'input.obj'. The vertex coordinates and the
           per-vertex-color, the per-face-quality and the per-wedge-texture
           attributes will be saved into the output.ply file

    'meshlabserver -i input0.obj -i input1.ply -o outproj.mlp -v -s meshclean.mlx'
           the script file meshclean.mlx will be applied to the document
           composed by input0.obj and input1.ply meshes.
           The mesh input1.ply will become the current mesh of the document
           (e.g. the mesh to which the filters operating on a single model will
           be applied). A new output project outproj.mlp file will be generated
           (containing references to the input0.obj an input1.ply).
           The files input0.obj and input1.ply will be overwritten.

    'meshlabserver -l logfile.txt -p proj.mlp -i input.obj -w outproj.mlp -s meshclean.mlx'
           the mesh file input.obj will be added to the meshes referred by the
           loaded meshlab project file proj.mlp. The mesh input.obj will become
           the current mesh of the document, the script file meshclean.mlx will
           be applied to the meshes contained into the resulting document.
           the project file outproj.mlp will be generated
           A 3D model meshfile.ext contained in the input project proj.mlp will
           be saved in a new file called meshfile_out.ext
           (if you want to overwrite the original files use the -v flag after
           the outproject filename) all the attributes of the meshes will be
           saved into the output files; the log info will be saved into the
           file logfile.txt.

   Notes:
   There can be multiple meshes loaded and the order they are listed matters because
   filters that use meshes as parameters choose the mesh based on the order.
   The format of the output mesh is guessed by the used extension.
   Script is optional and must be in the xml format saved by MeshLab.

